
I think my W key is stuck...,  You can't stop holding W
Is the Bucky meta back?,  You can only use the bucky or shorty
Pocket Sage?,  The bottom frag must follow the top frag around. They are not allowed shoot or use utility unless it directly assists the top frag. The mid frags can play as usual.
Conga line,  You must form a line and follow it. Only the person in front is allowed to shoot. If the first person in line dies, the next person in line takes priority.
RNG,  Pray to RNGesus for this one. You have to run and gun every single enemy you encounter, no matter what gun you get.
Wheeeeeeeee,  You must spin 360 before making a kill
Whiff time,  Every time you miss 1 bullet, you must empty the whole mag before firing again. Getting a kill ignores this condition.
Anti-eco,  You must buy the most expensive primary and secondaries you can.
Feeling Jumpy,  You must jump and stand still every time you want to clear a corner.
Pure bullying,  Every time someone else dies, you must flame them. It doesn't matter how they did, but you gotta make them feel bad about themselves.
Slice them up,  You can only use the knife.
No comms,  Every time you make a callout, you have to stand still for 3 seconds.
Backseating on steroids,  Only one person can leave spawn at a time. Once the first person who leaves dies, the second person can go. If the opponent catches you at spawn, you are not allowed to fight back.
Good sport,  Every time you make a kill, you must talk in team chat about how good of an opponent they were.
TTS,  Every time you do something in game, you have to say it out loud. (Ex. if you're walking you have to say walking until you stop)
Tenz Impersonator,  You can only land headshots. If a bodyshot is hit, the player must reload the mag before shooting again.
Power of G-Fuel,  Turn your sensitivity to the max.
Turtle's Pace,  You must turn your sens all the way down.
Blindfolded Random,  Pick someone random to have their eyes closed/be blindfolded. Pick another person to be the other person's "anchor". If the anchor dies, the player must go blindfolded and the anchor must give them instructions.
Luckiest Man Alive,  When you shoot, you must jump and constantly run.
No sound,  Turn all sound settings off.
Radiant Comms,  Whenever you comm, you can only comm "Left, Right, Up, Down". If you say anything else, you have to go back to spawn before doing anything else.
Pure skill,  Literally no utility. Have fun
Committed Spray,  When you shoot, you have to keep spraying until you run out of ammo.
Potato PC,  Play on 30fps. If you have a NVIDIA 3000 series, you play on 10.
Skins only,  You are only allowed to use weapons that have skins. If you don't have skins, you must use your knife.
Trackpad,  You can only play with your trackpad. If you don't have a trackpad, turn your mouse sens to the max or to the min.
Tag,  If a player is tagged by an enemy, another player must sub in to take their spot before the first player can fall back.
Projection,  When you are rotating, you must take the riskiest route possible.
Devils Contract,  Starts with the top frag. If you do not get a kill in the first 20 seconds of the round, you have to pass the contract to the person below you and you must kill yourself via abilities or fall damage.